As a newly joined Android developer, I have been greatly prioritizing to deliver a great customer and employee experience.


As a new gen customer of various mobile applications I strive to bring all my fresh perspective of various apps right into MVA in order to improve the consumer experience. For this I have done various market and competitors analysis of various industry trend setting apps like Swiggy, zeroda, cred, myntra, amazon and many new AI apps like claude, perplexity, notion etc. On analyzing all these apps I not only found that verizon is focussing on innovation but i also found that verizon is tightly customer centric and is bound by the core integrity and excellence and is thus on par to the industry applications. And not everything is perfect and there is always scope for more improvement and I have brought in various pain points and possible improvements that can be done by both design and performance perspective


In addition to my fresh perspective I bring strong technical skills to the table. In a short time of 1 month I have completely learnt an entire new techstack of android and have been improving my knowledge in both kotlin, java, android ever since. On top of that I have been diving very deep into our vast framework and understand the various nuances of our entire backend, NSA architecture, And the atomic framework(atoms and molecules) that we use to paint the app.
Equipped with all this knowledge I have been tasked with migrating the search experience to native completely. I was totally immersed in the task as the search feature is the forefront soldier in any sales/shop component application and it is the most used item by any user including myself. The search engine itself is responsible for a user to have a great customer experience.
Through this undertaking I was able to contribute massively in various components of the search. I have spear headed different modules of the search engine namely search history component and Voice search. While contributing to the various framework level changes and various other nuances that arise due to the atomic framework, I have contributed to the seamless search experience while tackling and triaging various issues that arose across various steps of the development process. Firstly, While being pivotal in the development of the search history component I have done the entire competitive analysis and deep level industrial analysis of world class shopping apps like amazon, wallmart I have efficiently wrote the code and unit test cases that make sure the feature would be robust and unbreakable in production. Secondly, for the voice search I spent countless extra hours testing various voice to text libraries and found a cost effective and reliable approach that will further ensure an amazing and delighfull customer experience. While tackling the various security and privacy concerns of the voice search feature, I have successfully delivered POC’s that were reliable and provided a quick customer experience. I believe the entire search component that is live is pivotal in the in improving the digital interaction score with the app further enabling better sales via the app.

On top of this I have also extensively researched about image search functionality, I have went through different AIML capabilities that can be combined to make the image search very robust. and upon careful consideration I made an action plan to implement the feature. I have also made a POC on a landing page pop-up that has the potential to draw user attention towards specific sales items that might lead to even more revenue generation through the app. I have also been r




In addition to all this I have learnt React as a part of internship and I have made full fledged POC of a consumer ordering website useing React, redux, saga. I have improved holistically as an individual as well. I have always been ready to accept change, I have embraced the transition to a new tech stack with full interest and enthusiasm. I am highly adaptable.  I am always open to new challenges and love problem solving. I always show initiative and am always proactive in delivering the work. I always meet my deadlines and I have never failed to deliver. I always seek feedback and I always strive towards continus improvement and self development. On top of this I am also an exemplary team player and always try to contribute as a part of the team. I also try to network with various other teams to ensure that our app is on level with the companyies ideologies and trends. I am a very reliable person with a very positive attitude. I am a very proactive communicator with a very good listening. I try to learn from others experiences and always strive towards excellence.

I try to Reduce Technical frictions in production by trying to make sure we write the highest quality robust code with proper unit test cases before going to production. I always try to learn from mistakes and thus improve my abilieties even better.


Additionally apart from work I have also took part in extra activities like “learn every week” on the topic “Introduction to artificial neural networks(ANN’s)”. The presentation was very well received and I have received an appreciation certificate from a senior manager. I have also been very proactive and I have participated in citizen verizon activities like sampling plantation and recycling cards activities. I have also been a very punctual, active participant in AHM’s and MVA syncups. I have also participated in a hackathon where we developed “data alchemist” from scratch. It was a JSON converter that could create a give json file into an XML,xcel,Csv,tsv
, etc formats which was built using react,redux, saga, nodejs, tailiwing css in a quick duration of 48 hours. The project recieved good applause from the panel. I have always been the first to0 voice and concerts and bring in the young energy and intitative that is expecte of an young software engineer
